issue 175 - adding an assembly attribute (#176)
redhat-documentation/modular-docs: modular-docs-manual/content/topics/module_anchor-and-file-names-concept.adoc

Do not include special characters in file names. Ensure that all members of your team use the same file naming conventions.
====

> These file naming guidelines are optional but highly recommended. However, if your team does not include the module prefixes in file names followed by either a hyphen (-) or an underscore (_), include one of the following variables in each assembly file and concept, procedure, and reference module before the module ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These file naming guidelines are optional but highly recommended. However, if your team does not include the prefixes in file names followed by either a hyphen (-) or an underscore (_), include one of the following variables in each file before the anchor ID:
```

[source]
----
:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
:_content-type: CONCEPT
:_content-type: PROCEDURE

> :_content-type: REFERENCE

Reviewer: Just a side note that I think is outside of the scope of this PR. We might want to update this section to also mention snippets, and include a snippet file in the example file names previously in this section, and then add a content-type of SNIPPET to this list. But snippets are still fairly new territory, so not sure if we're to a point that we want to mention it beyond the snippets section later in this guide, which you've correctly updated. So I think good for now unless someone wants to expand this section to include snippets in a separate PR.
